Update `translation/translators.rst` (#1576)
python/devguide: documentation/translations/coordinating.rst

Coordinating
============

Current information about the Python documentation translation processes is
found in this devguide, and Process :PEP:`545`, adopted in 2018.

> They are built by `docsbuild-scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Translations are built by `docsbuild-scripts
```

Coordinating
============

Current information about the Python documentation translation processes is

> found in this devguide, and Process :PEP:`545`, adopted in 2018.

Author: @willingc do you mind if we change this section?

> found in this devguide, and Process :PEP:`545`, adopted in 2018.

Reviewer: Yep. I would  include both of @hugovk's suggestions.

> Translations are built by `docsbuild-scripts

Author: This is the existing text. I don't see anything bad about mentioning, I moved it to the coordinators page since it is not important information for most.

> Translations are built by `docsbuild-scripts

Reviewer: Let's do this. Let's leave the part about where the docs are hosted and create a FAQ entry about the build scripts repo. While not harmful as is, it would be improved by moving the more specific detail about the build scripts to the FAQ.

> Translations are built by `docsbuild-scripts

Reviewer: Opened #1585 to track since I don't trust my own memory :wink:

  your language to be added in the language switcher on docs.python.org.

How to get help
===============

Discussions about translations occur on the Python Docs Discord
`#translations channel <https://discord.gg/h3qDwgyzga>`_, `translation

> mailing list <translation_ml_>`_, and and the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
mailing list <translation_ml_>`_, and the
```

How is a coordinator elected?
-----------------------------

> There is no election. Each translation will sort out the number of coordinators.

Reviewer 3: Instead of "sort out", how about "Each translation team will decide on the number of coordinators."

> We recommend 2 or 3 coordinators, though you may begin with one.  Here are some general suggestions.

Reviewer 3: Numbers less than ten should be spelled out.  "two or three coordinators"

style.

.. XXX Explain necessary folder structure

Which version of the Python documentation should be translated?
---------------------------------------------------------------

> Consensus is to work on the current stable version. You can then propagate your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's best to work on Python's current stable version. You can then propagate your
```

translation from one branch to another using :pypi:`pomerge`.

The entry for my translation is missing/not up to date
------------------------------------------------------

Ask on the `translation mailing list <translation_ml_>`_, or better, make a PR on the `devguide
<https://github.com/python/devguide/>`__.

Is there a Weblate instance we can translate on?
------------------------------------------------

There is currently no Weblate instance for use by Python translations because of
certain limitations, these include word count limits and organization of

> translation source.

Author: I added the link but I slightly modified you wording.
